Okay.
Time for a real test of our application.
So we're going to make a change to our service.
We're going to commit that to the dev branch.
We're then going to create a pull request and merge it into master.
When we merge it into master, GitHub should automatically build our image and tell our Kubernetes cluster
or specifically the deployment to use that new image.
Now, as a quick reminder, we have not set up any networking or anything like that around our cluster
just yet.
So we will not be able to access our application inside the browser until we do a little bit more setup.
All we are trying to do right now is make sure that we can make a change to one of our services and
get that change deployed into our cluster.
So let's get to it.
Inside my art service, I'm going to find the indexed file and on that little console log that we had
added right there, I'm just going to add in a couple more dots.
So that is the big change that we want to commit.
So I'll make that change.
I'm going to save the file.
I'll then go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to make sure that I'm on the dev branch.
On the dev branch.
I'll take a look at all my pending changes.
I'm going to add that change, commit it and I'll give it a message of updated startup message.
I'll then push that up to my dev branch.
All right.
Looks good.
Let's now go over to GitHub.
We're going to create a pull request and then merge it into master.
So over on GitHub.
I'll go to the pool request tab.
I'm going to create a new pull request and I want to merge everything from Dev into master.
I'm going to create the pull request.
And then we're going to wait just a couple of seconds here for all of our tests to be executed.
After a minute or two, you should see all of your tests pass.
So in this case, there's really just one check being committed.
It's just the test on the auth service.
Now we're going to merge in this pull request.
I'm going to merge it in.
And now after merging it, we should be able to go over to our actions tab once again.
So at the very top actions.
We're then going to find deploy manifests.
We're not going to see any changes inside of here just yet because we have not made any changes to any
of the files inside the manifest directory or really the infra directory.
However, we did make a change to the OTT service, so we should be able to open up, deploy off.
And see our deployment script right there.
I'm going to click on that task.
I'm going to take a look at the build job inside there.
And now we should be able to follow through as this goes and builds our image, which is the image of
the Docker hub and then eventually deploys it into our cluster.
So I'm going to pause the video right here.
We're going to come back to the next video and just make sure that the deployment went as expected.